and that's about it but youth for
understanding is more than just an
exchange program it's an opportunity for
your child to complete a transformative
journey not just for his own benefit but
to contribute to a cultural exchange
that brings our world a little closer
together let you guys talk it over and
I'll be back in a few minutes we can go
over the online application wow that is
a lot of information to take in need me
to explain it again mom
no smart guy yeah you better break it
down for me okay come on I can take
plenty of classes here at home about
language and culture but only the
experience of studying and living in a
country leads to true understanding of
that culture you know YFU youth for
understanding I got it
since why a few has placement in over 40
countries that get a wide selection of
cultures to learn from even if I don't
speak the language in a certain country
total immersion is the best way for me
to learn and a more rounded education
looks really good to universities and
later even employers South America
Africa Asia Europe oh thank you looks
like they've got all the continents
covered except Antarctica oh well that's
probably for the best
the point is even if I don't get placed
in the country that's my first choice
there's still a whole world of new
places and cultures to discover it all
sounds wonderful but I still have so
many questions lay em on me well the big
one is can we afford it it sounds
expensive and what if you get homesick
will you get along with your host family
wait whoa whoa slow down there are over
250 merit-based scholarships and plenty
of fundraising ideas to pay tuition so
students like yours truly
can study abroad but won't you miss me
of course I will but you don't want to
have to solve all my problems for me my
whole life do you why a few will help me
to think on my feet without my parents
which is something I'm gonna have to
learn how to do anyway I suppose so but
what do we know about this host family I
think
can answer that one oh sorry ready to
start your application sure great
oh we better hurry mom what why if you
carefully screams every host family in
every country they undergo a rigorous
application and vetting process that
includes an in-home interview from a yfu
represented it I'm sure they're all
great people but what if my child just
can't see eye-to-eye with them in each
partner country why a few has branch
offices with the same core mission and
values as yfu USA there's always a way
if you volunteer available so even if
your child is a world away they're not
alone all set right we're almost there
where are we going
time to go already yep thanks for the
tour and thanks for everything
Oh guess I'm off to discover me when you
find him
Ellen is mom misses him and hopes he'll
make her proud
you know he's not just gonna learn a lot
from his host family he'll also be
teaching them everything he's learned
from you I hope I didn't forget to tell
him anything come on hey can we go back
through friends I'd like to get another
cup of coffee